So welcome to the end of this section.
I assume that your impression of writing a first concurrent program might have been,
now that was easy. Yes, you're right.
Introducing concurrency is not hard,
thanks to the C++11 Standard.
Also, putting a thread to sleep for some time is easy as well as waiting
for it at the end of your program using a thread barrier using Join.
However, you have already caught a first glimpse of the randomness of events,
which is one of the primary sources of
error in concurrent programming, as we will shortly see.
So after this first brush with concurrency,
please feel free to move on to the next section which will be about starting
threads with something called a function object. See you there.